README.md, before:

# PaperPing
A fork of xDefcon's SpigotPing 3.0 Plugin

Want to see your in-game ping? With this plugin you can do this by typing /ping or by pressing TAB

PaperPing is a Paper plugin that allows you and your users to check their in-game ping with a simple command, /ping. The output message is customizable with prefix and colors by config. In addition to this you can enable sounds, and show players' ping in the Tab List (prefix/suffix).

![image](https://github.com/woundedkoba/PaperPing/assets/174161751/67ca95af-87e4-454b-9cb8-7df685832ef0)

Commands & Permissions:                                  
Permissions are checked only if you set "permission-system.enabled" in the config to true.
  - /ping (PaperPing.ping)
  - /ping <username> (PaperPing.ping.others)
  - /pingreload (PaperPing.reload)

This is the default ping message:

![image](https://github.com/woundedkoba/PaperPing/assets/174161751/fda6b3e8-0057-4cf2-8fad-81b2523f5b88)

Configuration:                               
You can configure almost everything of the plugin, here is the current configuration file.                                 
Config file: https://github.com/woundedkoba/PaperPing/blob/main/config.yml

PaperPing 0.0.1 was created because Minecraft 1.20.5, 1.20.6, and 1.21 broke how xDefcon's SpigotPing 3.0 was acquiring the Minecraft Version. Starting with Minecraft 1.20.5 Java 21 is required. I assume this to be what caused the breaking issue.

All credit to xDefcon for all original work. I only take credit for having updated this plugin for MC 1.20.6 & 1.21 and other items listed below.

Without going into full detail changes include but are not limited to:
- Upgraded to Java 21 (xDefcon's SpigotPing 3.0 uses Java 8)
- Upgraded to Paper API 1.21-R0.1-SNAPSHOT (xDefcon's SpigotPing 3.0 used Spigot API 1.17-R0.1-SNAPSHOT)
- Upgraded to Maven Compiler Plugin 3.13.0
- Removed JSON.simple 1.1.1 (com.googlecode.json-simple)
- Removed the use of bStats and Metrics
- Implemented the use of the Adventure Platform API (to replace the use of ChatColor from the Spigot API as this is deprecated for the Paper API) ; forgot to replace the use of ChatColor.translateAlternateColorCodes(), will do so in the next release
- Added some instances of @SuppressWarnings("deprecation") due to my use of the Paper API versus the Spigot API ; will resolve the deprecations in the next release
- BUGFIX: Re-wrote how PingUtil acquires the Minecraft Version (This was causing the plugin to fail to work and output errors in the server console for MC 1.20.5, 1.20.6, and 1.21)

Commit message:

v0.0.2 - MC 1.21.5 Update and Code Improvements
See 'Change Log.md' in docs directory

README.md, after:

# PaperPing
A fork of xDefcon's SpigotPing 3.0 Plugin

Want to see your in-game ping? With this plugin you can do this by typing /ping or by pressing TAB

PaperPing is a Paper plugin that allows you and your users to check their in-game ping with a simple command, /ping. The output message is customizable with prefix and colors by config. In addition to this you can enable sounds, and show players' ping in the Tab List (prefix/suffix).

![image](https://github.com/woundedkoba/PaperPing/assets/174161751/67ca95af-87e4-454b-9cb8-7df685832ef0)

Commands & Permissions:                                  
Permissions are checked only if you set "permission-system.enabled" in the config to true.
  - /ping (PaperPing.ping)
  - /ping <username> (PaperPing.ping.others)
  - /pingreload (PaperPing.reload)

This is the default ping message:

![image](https://github.com/woundedkoba/PaperPing/assets/174161751/fda6b3e8-0057-4cf2-8fad-81b2523f5b88)

Configuration:                               
You can configure almost everything of the plugin, here is the current configuration file.                                 
Config file: https://github.com/woundedkoba/PaperPing/blob/main/config.yml

PaperPing 0.0.1 was created because Minecraft 1.20.5, 1.20.6, and 1.21 broke how xDefcon's SpigotPing 3.0 was acquiring the Minecraft Version. Starting with Minecraft 1.20.5 Java 21 is required. I assume this to be what caused the breaking issue.

All credit to xDefcon for all original work. I only take credit for having updated this plugin for MC 1.20.6 & 1.21 and other items listed below.

See docs > Change Log.md for Changes made in each version.
